oh my dad time for a new bounty hunter
video well actually not really a true
bounty hunter video but some of us
unless you know something like it
anyways this is a guide on bounty hunter
how not to die now you're probably shake
your head you know saying hooba hooba
hooba you're a fucking asshole who who
who go dum dum dum dum I have died many
many times as all you motherfuckers now
and I made a pvp guide like my first pvp
world Peking ever video was actually a
guide will review actually not more or
less guy but anyways this is a guide on
how not to die in bounty hunter so let's
begin oh my god and running our intros
that don't really know where you say so
yeah here we go bounty hunter bounty
hunter bounty hunter bounty hunter
bounty hunter bounty hunter bounty
bounty hunter bounty hunter bounty now
there are three main ways from my
experience on this guide how not to die
but before we begin the lessons of the
three bung wads there is one fucking
thing before the lessons make sure you
have this mother fucking thing on cuz oh
my god auto retaliate will fuck your
world up if you have it off like if you
have this off and or don't even think
about it you have it on because if you
do not have it on it will fuck your day
up I have known from experience and it
has not been a good experience now we
must enter the bounty hunter world I
mean enter the wilderness because this
is where this shit begins this is where
all the major shit begins and we're
lagging right now and my nose feels like
shit ok now number one the first thing
in a bounty on let me equip this
marvelous thing I still have my corrupt
bunghole from my other pvp videos even
though it is a piece of shit
now step 1 or less than 1 whatever you
want to call in number one rule one on
how not to die in bounty hunter is it be
observant now look around you who little
oh ok ok we see what oh oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god I might be attacked holy
fuck now being observant this is what I
mean by it you look around basically see
he's you semi hi he didn't act me he's
low he doesn't attack you know he's low
can attack you know no can tag your high
level bad mofo fuck your mofo okay
anyways now this is my point of being
observant most people they see high
levels and stuff like that and they say
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god that's what
basically people saying but you see it's
not so much the high levels that can
fuck you over it's the low levels let me
explain and elaborate now legs picture
who somebody just got fucked up now
let's picture a whole bunch of hippie
Rangers now I have had this experience
before it was low-level people like they
were I think like you know low levels on
maybe 80s and i right clicked on a
person and it was stacked with like 10
mother fucking hippie Rangers oh my god
and I was attacked and there's nothing
you can do you are going to die if you
are in the situation you are going to
die if you go forward you die if you
turn around you die you go to the left
you die you go to the right you die you
live you die you die you die you were
going to die so being observant is the
key element here less than two or number
two or montage to whatever the fuck you
want to call it number two or be number
two to be I don't care number number two
damn it is it no your weapons notice
this shit now when I equipped a Godsword
i guaranteed when i quit my band
vast we must get this bass when I equip
this I will be attacked because people
are gonna say oh my god good loot you
know i'ma take the bass I'm rich oh my
god i will be attacked very shortly so
mainly number two is like don't equipped
your shit unless you want to die because
if you want to die you will equipped
your shit like right now i'm probably
going to be attacked yep any minute now
i'm going to be attacked as I equipped
my god sword these methods are solid
gold they do not fail what the fuck is
no one attacking out of all the times
all the times when people attack me holy
ho ho my god I thought this person was
it you bum fuck d cause hippie well
actually he's not hippy buddy Klaus son
of a bitch nobody is attacking me for
whatever reason you know they're scared
because if I bandos godsword looks like
a big dodo and their fucking horrified
they're scared so that's why they're not
attacking me but I'm just saying that
Holy Mary Mother of God uh these people
can attack me fuck and the final and
most important element element 3 is if
you are about to die and you know your
person you are killing is you know
you're going to die you face it you are
going to die you know that you are going
to die this is what you must do in order
not to die oh yeah I gotta die run to
the bank run to the bank went to the
bank went to the bhangra I don't want to
die when to the bank run to the bank
where does the bank run to the bank run
to the bag oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god those are the three main ways
not to die in bounty hunter well uh
nightmare are h's way of not to die in a
bounty hunter yeah okay time for
screenshot to uh thingy time screenshot
for my clan chat here we go do
dude I'm sorry if you're watching this
video you know but I would at WC pro I I
you know I would fuck Anjali Jolene any
day any day out of the year any day on
my life over Megan Fox but you just
fucked her name up so yeah but anyways
thank you guys for watching also please
subscribe and leave your nasty dirty
little comments if this guide helps you
in any way because i have a feeling in
my new PvP video next week this guide
was going to fail for me also this guy
is bounty hunter so I might as well just
say I just fucked myself over hooba
hooba hooba hooba hooba hubba hubba
hubba hubba hubba hubba hubba hubba
hubba bounty hunter bounty hunter bounty
hunter bounty hunter bounty hunter
bounty hunter bounty hunter bounty
hunter fuck